Improve Release Instructions (#365)
publiccodenet/standard: CONTRIBUTING.md

In fact, feel free to open a PR to add your name to the [`AUTHORS`](AUTHORS.md) file and get eternal attribution.

## Releasing a new version

1. Review state of the 'develop' branch
    - Ensure all changes intended for release are merged
2. Create a release branch
    - From 'develop', git checkout -b "release-$MAJOR.$MINOR.$PATCH"
3. Update the new release
    - [ ] Update version number in `_config.yml` and `README.md`
    - [ ] Update [`AUTHORS.md`](AUTHORS.md) with new contributors
    - [ ] Update [`CHANGELOG.md`](CHANGELOG.md)
    - [ ] Perform extra pass on diff to the 'master' branch
        - Reread any section or paragraph to ensure wording changes still fit the whole and do not contain grammar or spelling errors
        - If needed, commit changes and repeat extra pass
    - [ ] Push branch, open a pull request to the 'master' branch

>         - Request review from multiple reviewers, especialy a proofreader

Reviewer: Ironically, there's a typo in this sentence: especialy -> especially.

    - [ ] Generate new PDF of the primary content
        - Serve html content with `script/serve.sh`

>         - In a browser, navigate to http://127.0.0.1:4000/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - You can validate the server is running by navigating to http://127.0.0.1:4000/ in your browser
```

Author: Ah, well, I just pushed a similar change. Let me know which wording you prefer.

        - Generate the pdf with `script/pdf.sh`
    - [ ] Create new cover for print
    - [ ] Create new cover for web PDF
    - [ ] Create PDF for GitHub release with front and back cover included
4. Send the files for print to the printer
    - [ ] Cover file
    - [ ] Inside pages PDF

> 5. Create GitHub release with the release notes and version number

Reviewer 2: This point involves creating a Git tag, which should be named the exact version number.

After this the release branch needs to be merged with the `main`.

In fact, feel free to open a PR to add your name to the [`AUTHORS`](AUTHORS.md) file and get eternal attribution.

## Releasing a new version

1. Review state of the 'develop' branch
    - Ensure all changes intended for release are merged
    - Invite a proofread of the current state of the branch
2. Create a release branch

>     - From 'develop', git checkout -b "release-$MAJOR.$MINOR.$PATCH"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - From 'develop', `git checkout -b "release-$MAJOR.$MINOR.$PATCH"`
```

        - Reviewers will create issues for shortcomings found which would not prevent release
        - If needed for release, reviewers may create PRs to resolve issues
        - Re-request reviews if additional PRs are merged into release branch
    - [ ] Generate new PDF of the primary content
        - Serve html content with `script/serve.sh`
        - Optionally, for a visual pre-check, navigate to http://127.0.0.1:4000/ in a browser
        - Generate the pdf with `script/pdf.sh`
    - [ ] Create new cover for print
    - [ ] Create new cover for web PDF
    - [ ] Create PDF for GitHub release with front and back cover included
        - Generate the pdf with `pdftk Front.pdf standard.pdf Back.pdf cat output standard-for-public-code-$MAJOR.$MINOR.$PATCH.pdf`
4. Send the files for print to the printer
    - [ ] Cover file
    - [ ] Inside pages PDF
5. Create GitHub release with the release notes and version number
    - [ ] `git tag $MAJOR.$MINOR.$PATCH`
    - [ ] `git push --tags`
    - [ ] from https://github.com/publiccodenet/standard/releases edit the tag
        - Title the release
        - Add changelog bullets

>         - Drag-and-drop the generated .pdf into the assets

Reviewer 2: You can also do this from the GitHub releases feature and it'll create a tag for you.

Author: We've doc'd it as-done, when we change, let's update the docs to match.
